After all the time, you got that idea in the moment.
I guess you did not think about it .
I think that this floating brothers thought it was a lot better now
Xu Zhi've seemed to think once the game is what information do you think would
But I can not remember the motivation because the game was so hard to change.
uh
Yes, is this your foot ligament injured at that time?
But I'm getting better with that Japanese player.
You guys danghaetjyo much at first because this case is the first of a handsome historic induction
It's the first time.
Yes, it is also killed in Japan
The real ridiculous thing is happening.
Not
But when I got back from each alliance of Yuno, I liked my face.
I thought you had a gold medal.
Ona example to support the President 5
era
won
Why do we
If you were good at the story, you did not cry ,
When I suddenly remembered years old who suffered for four years, before looking up ahtta
I was fine, as bishop of the earlier miracle o doing something like this is always movement
Remove gun gampyeong showed no tear was not thinking that were earlier disqualified
I think that rather too hard and too hurt to have another arm to the next
In fact any
Even when you do give up giving up, so do 4
I thought at first, the bishop was so strong that he was very strong and so perfect
This is what I've been jugeona Paris dwaeseo went wrong tell me bishop silver
I think I will.
Sword saga harya Earl awesome awesome
Guests coming or what it will contain the same ah After yet anyway.
I'm going to follow you every month.
Ah, then the game will give us just what the climate is also a handful Kim Jae-bum that derived from
I am the first gold medalist, and in fact I feel like a real brother
It was not what I was looking at.
I did it.
It is also sensitive to the test yet given one ahtta
5 Really
Does it go like example different mentality
I do not see anyone seeing any technology.
Ah ha ha I even smell untitled ahswiwot haneungeo For some more examples like
It's easy. You should go to Ayana.
Oh , it disappears.
However, many deoraguyo gaera why back then why I'm Christian, so when I have
54 Oh that I give God the glory return turning back to yireongeo uh oh
Oh, to express
So, how much does it cost?
When I die, to live was awesome own son decided to this festival
So they said was a great example before the Olympics this jaw
I think it 's easy to get into the middle of the saying when it's easy.
Or you'll have a look at it in advance .
Oh, then I do not when I named after the Beijing Olympic Games gold medal, then yes Yes
Everyone has told me.
Ahswiwotda pity that I d have to preface that words can be 2 days
I can not tell
I lost it and it was a game that I did not know about that player somehow that day .
Down
I did my best and I did the ring to die. I decided to live to die. I got the silver medal.
I have to think in favor of the gold medal .
I won the silver medal at that time because there was no life to die .
But I have to live .
I know that I know you think back to live to die ah
I would not be mad if I did not live
Yes, I have five jobs or die
The real practice was also done by the shop.
And then 4
That's not the answer we heard that under the mountain that was his hol
I formed it.